improve documentation (#1046)
Proteobench/ProteoBench: docs/general-information/1-quickstart.md

# Quick Start

Adding your own results for benchmarking is easy:

> 1. Pick a module that matches your experimental design from the [Benchmarking modules](../available-modules/index.rst)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pick the module that is best suited to your benchmarking question and corresponds to your data type from the [Benchmarking modules](../available-modules/index.rst)
```

Reviewer: not sure this is the best we can do, but I feel that the data type is important.

2. Download the input data and supporting files from the module documentation (e.g. [DIA Astral LFQ](https://proteobench.readthedocs.io/en/stable/available-modules/active-modules/7-quant-lfq-ion-dia-Astral_2Th/#data-set]))

3. Run your analysis workflow on the downloaded input files 

4. Open the "Upload New Results" tab on the module page (e.g. for [DIA Astral LFQ](https://proteobench.cubimed.rub.de/Quant_LFQ_DIA_ion_Astral)) on the WebApp and follow the instructions.

5. After uploading, the web app runs the ProteoBench scoring pipeline and shows

>     interactive plots and tables comparing your run to public benchmarks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    interactive plots and tables comparing your run to public benchmark runs.
```

We strongly recommend publishing your results to the public collection! Use the "Submit New Results" tab for that. All you have to add is the parameter file created by the workflow.

Tips and troubleshooting
--------------------------

> - If your upload fails, check if you uploaded the correct output file(s), and if you used the correct input files with the original file names. If the problem still persists, please [let us know](https://github.com/Proteobench/ProteoBench/issues)! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your upload fails, check if you uploaded the correct file(s), and if you used the correct input files with the original file names (if names should be changed, it is indicated in the documentation of the module). If the problem still persists, please [let us know](https://github.com/Proteobench/ProteoBench/issues)! 
```

Reviewer: just that using "input" and "output" can be confusing in my opinion... Here the file is the input of ProteoBench, but the output of the workflow...

- Not sure which module is the best for you? Check out the [Benchmarking modules](../available-modules/index.rst). Your use case is not covered? [Let us know](../general-information/3-module-proposal)! 
- Make sure you have a stable internet connection. We rely on syncing results from GitHub, 
which can lead to connections errors, see [#259](https://github.com/Proteobench/ProteoBench/issues/259).

Need more help?
------------------

Feel free to reach out to us

1. via [GitHub](https://github.com/Proteobench/ProteoBench/issues) 
2. join our Slack channel on the [EuBIC](https://eubic-ms.org/onboarding/) slack 
3. contact us by email [here](mailto:proteobench@eubic-ms.org?subject=ProteoBench_troubleshooting)

> You may also find a solution to your problem(s) here:

Reviewer: Is it normal that there is no link below this?
